Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I assume she escaped your grasp. Axel.
Yes. your excellency.
Then I'll take care of it myself.
The Tree is the key to
Germany winning this war.
The Arrowhead will show us the way
to the Tree.
We cannot let it leave this harbor.
Surface!
She's being weird about the Arrowhead.
She's extremely difficult.
It's hard to be around her.
She doesn't mind if you kill her.
Just don't kill me.
You seem surprised.
After 400 years...
The Arrowhead...
...belongs to me.
Save your family!
Yes!
I have her!
Give me the Arrowhead!
Aguirre. we're too far from the river!
Did you see the Arrowhead?
Have you really seen it?
Not only have I seen it.
I held it in my hands.
Finally we can break the curse...
and Francisco shall pay.
Forget about Francisco!
The Arrowhead. Aguirre!
Only the Tears of the Moon can help us get
out of this curse.
This jungle is devouring our souls.
We are disgusting.
Speak for yourself. I am delicious.
Do you really believe we still have souls?
That's why we need the Tears of the Moon.
they are our only hope.
The woman in pants has the Arrowhead...
and has taken it away from the river.
Because she knows we can't
follow her there.
The Prince.
He can follow the Arrowhead.
Tell him where she went.
You heard him.
Tell the Prince.
I will travel far.
But I will come back to you
with a Tear of the Moon.
And you will run again in the moonlight.
Healed.
You are not worthy.
She has the Arrowhead!
I'm not going to hurt you.
I only want the Arrowhead.
Give it to me!
Run!
A brother's blade cuts deepest.
Traitor.
Where did she go?
She can't be far!
The river!
Where is it?
We have to get out of here!
Francisco. you will pay for this!
Take them away.
It looks like
you haven't been very nice...
to my little friends.
Aguirre. the woman in pants...
Get her!
Francisco has the petal!
Stop him!
He has the petal in his pocket!
Stop the boat! Stop it!